We all fly.
Once you leave the ground, you fly!
It’s just that some people fly longer than others…
This is Follow the Leader with Luke and Billy.
First, let’s see take a look at the results of the previous challenge.
Today’s gold prizes were distributed in the following way:
The pilots who made the last seconds of their flights look really spectacular also receive a well-deserved 1000 gold to their accounts.
The new flight plan was sent to us by Zheleznodorozhnik, so he gets 6000 gold.
And we get in the Focke Wulf 57 and head to the skies above the Hidden Airbase.
Be attentive and remember to complete the task as accurately as possible.
You can check the list that will be in the description to the video.
Good luck!
That’s all for now.
Our e-mail is still: tryrepeat@wargaming.net.
In the e-mail subject, you should put the number of the Follow the Leader episode, your nickname, your region – North America or Europe,
as well as the time it took to complete the route or mark it as a “Fail”.
We’re waiting for your replays and comments!
See you soon!